Fix broken link (#607)
kyma-project/website: content/blog-posts/2020-05-29-release-notes-1.13/index.md

### Renamed provisioning commands

> [Kyma CLI commands](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/tree/master/docs/03-02-use-kyma-cli.md) for cluster provisioning on GKE and AKS have been renamed. There are also three separate provisioning commands for Gardener, and provider-specific default values are applied for all the Gardener commands, making CLI even more intuitive now. These are the available provisioning commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Kyma CLI commands](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/tree/release-1.13#commands) for cluster provisioning on GKE and AKS have been renamed. There are also three separate provisioning commands for Gardener, and provider-specific default values are applied for all the Gardener commands, making CLI even more intuitive now. These are the available provisioning commands:
```

Actually, I believe this is the link (alternatively, the more specific one pointing to the doc, instead of the repo: https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/blob/release-1.13/README.md#commands). We should be careful not to link to current documentation in previous release notes as they need to be in sync with what was released then, they do not describe current functionality.
